Fix issues reported by readers at /feedback (#893)
browserengineering/book: book/styles.md

        self.descendant = descendant
```

> Then the `match` method is recursive (recursion bottoms out at a
> `TagSelector`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then the `match` method is recursive (and bottoms out at, say, a
`TagSelector`):
```
